Hello to you so spike rallies
subscribers which will be the day after tomorrow 21
numbers
so at 14 00 Moscow time she
going on here
a place to explain
will be like a rally of bikers so
come on a bike the car is better not not
need a court machine
try on bikes the machine is not
welcome shoot the fuck here
I do not know that in short this place is like us
will be meeting with the initial starting
point of departure
this is squared she 13 if by
map squares and if on the map then
see somewhere is it up to here
can move way by bus but if
jump over here over here that rides on
mine here from here you can jump yes and
run a little
just about in general here is not quite close
from hp and as if from near them well
far from him but it doesn't matter here
the place will be the starting point and
on bikes on bikes exactly bikes we
going around the state on the freeway i
just flyover lisap autobahn therefore
the main thing that is it will be like this
we go all
But in general, and on the screen and now see
as an item to whom how are we going to go and
which route in general along the way we
probably will not stop and if
will be that but I will say shorter in general
will end all on
the beaches of santa maria on that pier here
which is the way behind the back to see hair visible
behind there is a far pier
some threshold of entertainment which
far with benches which such
wide shorter here then we will go again
from this
shouted at the fuel on the bikes we
let's climb the mountain of brow
only without undercutting guys then
what else can we do we can then
go don't know home diner well yes
and the Jedi Judah a Jew
level 25 thousand in the end we are already there
decide on what we will do if
admin and help with some thing
your very think very much if nothing
will not by course we will go
the club is supposedly jeezy as always
by standard and in general then on this
probably everything will be there already further
improvisation completely at random all
It will be the main thing that should pass exactly at
us correctly without hesitation so that
surely a guy has passed it a hundred
percent so we humanly
drove along the overpass all the whole living
so no meat no smoke here
this is the most important adequate
rpk we have rp organizations now and again
bikers so it's not quite
gathering is a gathering of bikers so more
lush you have to be this don't understand
you need to happy drop there taxes need
yell each with at least two brackets
put more or less somehow here
what else did I want to say well in general on
preferably on balls well of course you know
that the cars will come but this is also not
comme il faut a in general about how we
will certainly not know I will not
of course not to make everyone drive from behind
because it is unrealistic so we will
drive erratically but absolutely forward you are not
hijacking this is the most important thing
cars if it is not to go for bikes
guys if you are by car that is and for
with bikes it is necessary itself it is important
because your car lays it all
bike all the bikes will fly for a friend
friend and
close not go we go across the width
roads even though it does not matter we are going
across the width of the road no one lives us
and then we will if you go on the right so
a drop of holiday dripping i'm fooling everyone
Well , in general, the map you saw the way waiting
all 21 numbers after tomorrow in that place
where I showed at 14 00 Moscow time
time and probably still create cum on the
great khali in which I can speak
probably but at the moment started
I will speak only one
you heard what's going on and to
to coordinate and
Well, you know, well, to hear that
happens and where to go this is the most
important
And so in general, then on this all the same spirit there